add some description for GOMEMLIMIT (#11516)
pingcap/docs: configure-memory-usage.md

    |       └─TableFullScan_16        | 256.00      | 256      | cop[tikv] | table:t1      | tikv_task:{time:71.4µs, loops:256}                                                                                                                                  | keep order:false, stats:pseudo                                  | N/A       | N/A      |
    +---------------------------------+-------------+----------+-----------+---------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+----------+
    9 rows in set (1 min 37.428 sec)
    ```

## Others

### Mitigate OOM issues by configuring `GOMEMLIMIT`

GO 1.19 introduces an environment variable [`GOMEMLIMIT`](https://pkg.go.dev/runtime@go1.19#hdr-Environment_Variables) to set the memory limit that triggers GC.

> You can mitigate a typical category of OOM issues by manually setting `GOMEMLIMIT`. For v6.1.3 <= TiDB < v6.5.0,before OOM occurs, the estimated memory in use on Grafana occupies only half of the entire memory (TiDB-Runtime > Memory Usage > estimate-inuse), as shown in the following figure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For v6.1.3 <= TiDB < v6.5.0, you can mitigate a typical category of OOM issues by manually setting `GOMEMLIMIT`. The typical category of OOM issues is: before OOM occurs, the estimated memory in use on Grafana occupies only half of the entire memory (TiDB-Runtime > Memory Usage > estimate-inuse), as shown in the following figure:
```

![normal OOM case example](/media/configure-memory-usage-oom-example.png)

> To verify the performance of `GOMEMLIMIT`, a test is performed to compare the specific memory usage before and after `GOMEMLIMIT` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the performance of `GOMEMLIMIT`, a test is performed to compare the specific memory usage with and without `GOMEMLIMIT` configuration.
```

> - In TiDB v6.1.2, the TiDB server encounters OOM (system memory usage: 48 GiB) after the simulated workload runs for several minutes:

Author: ```suggestion
- In TiDB v6.1.2, the TiDB server encounters OOM (system memory: 48 GiB) after the simulated workload runs for several minutes:
```
